I have never written such long write ups and I never had the patience to do so. But this I badly wanted to do on the 1st year memory of the best trip I ever went.

Getting on to a trip with a complete set of strangers was one of my long time bucket list. I am not sure if that was completely satisfied but what I can say is that this is a trip that is filled with lot of memories.

Stepping out of my comfort zone was never my piece of cake. But this, I was out of my zone through out the journey. Starting from the 14 hour bus travel from Dehradun to Lohajung(our base camp) was like passing through an eternity. I could still remember all those thoughts that ran over my mind and remember the times I twisted my back to bone crack the spine to ease my pain out. I could feel the temperature was dropping down and by the time we reached the base camp it was 1°c. I was telling myself “man! This is just a beginning and the best is yet to come.” The lowest temperature that we have tracked was -16 °c. By the time, I could see our tents were completely frozen, I could feel my cap and neck warmer were frozen and I could feel my eyebrows frozen too.

The third day of the trek completely shattered the progressive thinker in me. I was tired, demotivated, dehydrated and for the first time I could see the male chauvinist in me, Where a woman was able to ascend and why not me. I know this is not the most healthy of thoughts but which I always believed I were. May be that kept me pushing beyond my limits. I kept saying myself "for the one last time" and I kept breaking my shells time and again over the trek. I even lost count of the times that I have slipped in the trek. Like in the video games, the most badass bosses comes at the end, came the summit. To be honest, I am running out of words to explain the stunning view that I saw. At the height of over 13000ft and carrying the national flag, flying high could have been one of the most emotional, proudest moment. All those struggles, pains, the discomforts, the kms of walk never went in vain. The mighty summit of Bhramatal hill completely outnumbered them.

After witnessing the mighty view, our crew started descending towards the base camp. Every thing felt very strange after reaching the summit. Even though I haven’t drunk a drop of water, I was like I was not dehydrated at all. The number of times that I slipped started increasing and that was funny in a weird way. 

The energy level of the entire crew was sky high. No one seemed like we were trekking continuously for 5 days. All those chit chats, jokes,  breaks,  songs we were singing, the “chaiya chaiya” and the dance, made me think that this trek should never get over. 
